The Summaries page comprises a horizontal selector panel along with
three three panels or subpages accessable by tabs at the tabs and
named "Trends", "Annual effects" and "Contrast effects".

Within the selector panel, there are a series of dropdown selection
boxes for choosing between a set of candidates for each of the
following:

- Subindicator
- Measure
- Region
- Zone
- Source

In each case, in addition to candidates created from the unique values
observed in the data, there is also an "All" candidate. The All
candidate represents the aggregation of the other candidates. For
example, the All _Region_ candidate allows for the selection of the
Whole of Harbour.  Similarly, the All candidate in
the _Measures_ selector when the _Subindicator_ selector has the
"Physico-chem" candidate selected indicates the aggregate of all
Measures across Physico-chem.

The selectors are linked such that selecting a candidate from one
dropdown (e.g. _Region_) will determine what candidates are available
in other selector dropdowns (e.g. _Zones_ and _Source_). By default,
the All candidate is selected for all selectors. This equates to the
Whole of Harbour Indicator scores (i.e. the highest level of
aggregation).

### Trends

The trend plots display the temporal trend in indicator scores.
Uncertainty (95% confidence intervals) in the scores are depicted by
vertical whiskers and the open symbols are coloured according to the
grade associated with the mean score. Dashed horizontal lines indicate
the grade boundaries.

### Annual effects

The distribution of comparisons (absolute change in indicator score)
of each sampling year to the previous sampling year are depicted by
density plots with point and whiskers (mean and 95% confidence
intervals) below. Exceedance probabilitys for increase ($P(\Delta>0)$)
and decrease ($P(\Delta<0)$) are overlayed onto the density plots.
Density distributions are coloured according to whether there is
strong evidence for an increase (green) or decrease (red) or no
evidence of change (gray).

### Contrast effects

The distribution of comparisons (absolute change in indicator score)
of each half-decade to the previous half-decade are depicted by
density plots with point and whiskers (mean and 95% confidence
intervals) below. Exceedance probabilitys for increase ($P(\Delta>0)$)
and decrease ($P(\Delta<0)$) are overlayed onto the density plots.
Density distributions are coloured according to whether there is
strong evidence for an increase (green) or decrease (red) or no
evidence of change (gray).
